docs/run-sparkbench.md, before:

### 1. Setup ###

 * Python 2.x(>=2.6) is required.
 
 * Supported Hadoop version: Apache Hadoop 2.x, CDH5.x, HDP 
 
 * Supported Spark version: 1.6.x, 2.0.x 

 * Build HiBench according to [build HiBench](build-hibench.md).
 
 * Start HDFS, Yarn, Spark in the cluster.



### 2. Configure `hadoop.conf` ###

Hadoop is used to generate the input data of the workloads.
Create & edit `conf/hadoop.conf`：

    cp conf/hadoop.conf.template conf/hadoop.conf

Property        |      Meaning
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------
hibench.hadoop.home     |      The Hadoop installation location
hibench.hadoop.executable  |   The path of hadoop executable. For Apache Hadoop, it is /YOUR/HADOOP/HOME/bin/hadoop
hibench.hadoop.configure.dir | Hadoop configuration directory. For Apache Hadoop, it is /YOUR/HADOOP/HOME/etc/hadoop
hibench.hdfs.master       |    The root HDFS path to store HiBench data, i.e. hdfs://localhost:8020/user/username
hibench.hadoop.release    |    Hadoop release provider. Supported value: apache, cdh5, hdp

Note: For CDH and HDP users, please update `hibench.hadoop.executable`, `hibench.hadoop.configure.dir` and `hibench.hadoop.release` properly. The default value is for Apache release.


### 3. Configure `spark.conf` ###

Create & edit `conf/spark.conf`：

    cp conf/spark.conf.template spark.conf

Set the below properties properly:

    hibench.spark.home            The Spark installation location
    hibench.spark.master          The Spark master, i.e. `spark://xxx:7077`, `yarn-client`


### 4. Run a workload ###
To run a single workload i.e. `wordcount`. 

     bin/workloads/micro/wordcount/prepare/prepare.sh
     bin/workloads/micro/wordcount/spark/run.sh

The `prepare.sh` launchs a hadoop job to genereate the input data on HDFS. The `run.sh` submits the spark job to the cluster. 
`bin/run-all.sh` can be used to run all workloads listed in conf/benchmarks.lst.

### 5. View the report ###

   The `<HiBench_Root>/report/hibench.report` is a summarized workload report, including workload name, execution duration, data size, throughput per cluster, throughput per node.

   The report directory also includs further information for debuging and tuning.
     
  * `<workload>/spark/bench.log`: Raw logs on client side.
  * `<workload>/spark/monitor.html`: System utilization monitor results.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/<workload>.conf`: Generated environment variable configurations for this workload.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/sparkbench/<workload>/sparkbench.conf`: Generated configuration for this workloads, which is used for mapping to environment variable.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/sparkbench/<workload>/spark.conf`: Generated configuration for spark.

Commit message:

Add tuning guide to docs

docs/run-sparkbench.md, after:

### 1. Setup ###

 * Python 2.x(>=2.6) is required.
 
 * Supported Hadoop version: Apache Hadoop 2.x, CDH5.x, HDP 
 
 * Supported Spark version: 1.6.x, 2.0.x 

 * Build HiBench according to [build HiBench](build-hibench.md).
 
 * Start HDFS, Yarn, Spark in the cluster.



### 2. Configure `hadoop.conf` ###

Hadoop is used to generate the input data of the workloads.
Create & edit `conf/hadoop.conf`：

    cp conf/hadoop.conf.template conf/hadoop.conf

Property        |      Meaning
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------
hibench.hadoop.home     |      The Hadoop installation location
hibench.hadoop.executable  |   The path of hadoop executable. For Apache Hadoop, it is /YOUR/HADOOP/HOME/bin/hadoop
hibench.hadoop.configure.dir | Hadoop configuration directory. For Apache Hadoop, it is /YOUR/HADOOP/HOME/etc/hadoop
hibench.hdfs.master       |    The root HDFS path to store HiBench data, i.e. hdfs://localhost:8020/user/username
hibench.hadoop.release    |    Hadoop release provider. Supported value: apache, cdh5, hdp

Note: For CDH and HDP users, please update `hibench.hadoop.executable`, `hibench.hadoop.configure.dir` and `hibench.hadoop.release` properly. The default value is for Apache release.


### 3. Configure `spark.conf` ###

Create & edit `conf/spark.conf`：

    cp conf/spark.conf.template conf/spark.conf

Set the below properties properly:

    hibench.spark.home            The Spark installation location
    hibench.spark.master          The Spark master, i.e. `spark://xxx:7077`, `yarn-client`


### 4. Run a workload ###
To run a single workload i.e. `wordcount`. 

     bin/workloads/micro/wordcount/prepare/prepare.sh
     bin/workloads/micro/wordcount/spark/run.sh

The `prepare.sh` launchs a hadoop job to genereate the input data on HDFS. The `run.sh` submits the spark job to the cluster. 
`bin/run-all.sh` can be used to run all workloads listed in conf/benchmarks.lst.

### 5. View the report ###

   The `<HiBench_Root>/report/hibench.report` is a summarized workload report, including workload name, execution duration, data size, throughput per cluster, throughput per node.

   The report directory also includs further information for debuging and tuning.
     
  * `<workload>/spark/bench.log`: Raw logs on client side.
  * `<workload>/spark/monitor.html`: System utilization monitor results.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/<workload>.conf`: Generated environment variable configurations for this workload.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/sparkbench/<workload>/sparkbench.conf`: Generated configuration for this workloads, which is used for mapping to environment variable.
  * `<workload>/spark/conf/sparkbench/<workload>/spark.conf`: Generated configuration for spark.


### 6. Input data size ###

   To change the input data size, you can set `hibench.scale.profile` in `conf/hibench.conf`. Available value is tiny, small, large, huge, gigantic and bigdata. The definition of these profiles can be found in the workload's conf file i.e. `con/workloads/micro/wordcount.conf`

### 7. Tuning ###

Change the below properties in `conf/hibench.conf` to control the parallelism
Property        |      Meaning
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------
hibench.default.map.parallelism     |    Partition number in Spark
hibench.default.shuffle.parallelism  |   Shuffle partition number in Spark


Change the below properties to control Spark executor number, executor cores, executor memory and driver memory.
Property        |      Meaning
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------
hibench.yarn.executor.num   |   Spark executor number in Yarn mode
hibench.yarn.executor.cores  |  Spark executro cores in Yarn mode
spark.executor.memory  | Spark executor memory
spark.driver.memory    | Spark driver memory
